darwin.builder: provide NixOS module options for macos-builder.nix (#224479)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/builders/special/darwin-builder.section.md

```ShellSession
$ sudo launchctl kickstart -k system/org.nixos.nix-daemon
```

## As a NixOS module

> The `darwin.builder` bootstrapper runs a NixOS module with sensible defaults for

Reviewer: What is a bootstrapper? I think you refer to the first sentence of the section, but this sounds like you're referring to something else.

```suggestion
The `darwin.builder` package wraps a NixOS module with sensible defaults for
```

Also modules don't run. They get evaluated, but that's not even relevant here.

two settings:

> - `services.macos-builder.diskSize` &mdash; The disk space used by the VM in MB,
>   with a default of 20 \* 1024 (20 GB).
> - `services.macos-builder.memorySize` &mdash; The memory used by the VM in MB,
>   with a default of 3 \* 1024 (3 GB).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `virtualisation.diskSize` &mdash; The disk space used by the VM in MB,
  with a default of 20 \* 1024 (20 GB).
- `virtualisation.memorySize` &mdash; The memory used by the VM in MB,
  with a default of 3 \* 1024 (3 GB).
```

Also, define these defaults using `mkDefault` or similar in the profile.

To provide different values for these settings, you need to use the builder as a

> NixOS VM on your own. Here's an example configuration:

Reviewer: fyi
We could expose a function via `passthru` that allows users to add a module easily to `darwin.builder` and get back the package. I'm not convinced that that's an improvement though, because that would make darwin builder configs "special" in the experience of some users, for very little ease of use benefit. Going through general NixOS interfaces avoids that.

```nix
{ modulesPath, pkgs, ... }:

{
  imports = [
    # The builder module
    "${modulesPath}/profiles/macos-builder.nix"
    # Other modules
  ];

  services.macos-builder = {
    enable = true; # Run the builder

>     services.macos-builder.diskSize = 50 * 1024; # 50 GB instead of 20
>     services.macos-builder.memorySize = 8 * 1024; # 8 GB instead of 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    services.macos-builder.diskSize = 50 * 1024; # 50 GB
    services.macos-builder.memorySize = 8 * 1024; # 8 GB
```

Those would just bitrot when we change the defaults.

Oh and that should be `virtualisation.*`.
